3 Told just proficiently enough to trounce its overly comfortable trappings .	
3 City by the Sea is a gritty police thriller with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for .	
0 Sets animation back 30 years , musicals back 40 years and Judaism back at least 50 .	
2 Not kids , who do n't need the lesson in repugnance .	
0 under-rehearsed and lifeless	
1 The film ultimately offers nothing more than people in an urban jungle needing other people to survive ...	
3 ... `` Bowling for Columbine '' remains a disquieting and thought-provoking film ...	
4 The byplay and bickering between the now spy-savvy siblings , Carmen -LRB- Vega -RRB- and Juni -LRB- Sabara -RRB- Cortez , anchor the film in a very real and amusing give-and-take .	
2 Melodrama with a message .	
1 The Sweetest Thing leaves an awful sour taste .	
4 `` 13 Conversations About One Thing '' is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling .	
0 Just dreadful .	
4 This is pure , exciting moviemaking .	
3 The work of an exhausted , desiccated talent who ca n't get out of his own way .	
2 The director has injected self-consciousness into the proceedings at every turn .	
3 Deepa Mehta provides an accessible introduction as well as some intelligent observations on the success of Bollywood in the Western world .	
2 Tian emphasizes the isolation of these characters by confining color to Liyan 's backyard .	
2 As well-acted and well-intentioned as All or Nothing is , however , the film comes perilously close to being too bleak , too pessimistic and too unflinching for its own good .	
1 Seagal is painfully foolish in trying to hold onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory .	
1 Do we really need the Tiger Beat version 	
1 Two big things are missing -- anything approaching a visceral kick , and anything approaching even a vague reason to sit through it all .	
1 This film biggest problem 	
4 `` Simone '' is a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality .	
3 Will give many ministers and Bible-study groups hours of material to discuss .	
0 Amazingly lame .	
4 An engrossing portrait of a man whose engaging manner and flamboyant style made him a truly larger-than-life character .	
2 Moretti plays Giovanni , a psychiatrist who predictably finds it difficult to sustain interest in his profession after the family tragedy .	
3 An awfully good , achingly human picture .	
0 The film 's trailer also looked like crap , so crap is what I was expecting .	
2 The biggest problem with this movie is that it 's not nearly long enough .	
2 The movie , while beautiful , feels labored , with a hint of the writing exercise about it .	
3 Unexpected , and often contradictory , truths emerge .	
3 One of the best of a growing strain of daring films ... that argue that any sexual relationship that does n't hurt anyone and works for its participants is a relationship that is worthy of our respect .	
3 A film with a great premise but only a great premise .	
1 One of those so-so films that could have been much better .	
1 Normally , Rohmer 's talky films fascinate me , but when he moves his setting to the past , and relies on a historical text , he loses the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable .	
2 Circuit queens wo n't learn a thing , they 'll be too busy cursing the film 's strategically placed white sheets .	
4 LaBute 's careful handling makes the material seem genuine rather than pandering .	
2 Tom Green and an Ivy League college should never appear together on a marquee , especially when the payoff is an unschooled comedy like Stealing Harvard , which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800 .	
2 I had more fun with Ben Stiller 's Zoolander , which I thought was rather clever .	
3 If the film 's vision of sport as a secular religion is a bit cloying , its through-line of family and community is heartening in the same way that each season marks a new start .	
4 Exudes the fizz of a Busby Berkeley musical and the visceral excitement of a sports extravaganza .	
1 For all its brilliant touches , Dragon loses its fire midway , nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion .	
3 An engaging , formulaic sports drama that carries a charge of genuine excitement .	
2 with a couple of burnt-out cylinders	
3 Tackles the difficult subject of grief and loss with such life-embracing spirit that the theme does n't drag an audience down .	
4 A moving story of determination and the human spirit .	
1 As an entertainment destination for the general public , Kung Pow sets a new benchmark for lameness .	
3 Downbeat , period-perfect biopic hammers home a heavy-handed moralistic message .	
1 None of this so-called satire has any sting to it , as if Woody is afraid of biting the hand that has finally , to some extent , warmed up to him .	
2 The Santa Clause 2 is a barely adequate babysitter for older kids , but I 've got to give it thumbs down .	
1 Sometimes there are very , very good reasons for certain movies to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely .	
3 It makes you believe the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film .	
3 The underworld urban angst is derivative of Martin Scorsese 's Taxi Driver and Goodfellas , but this film speaks for itself .	
2 Even if you have no interest in the gang-infested , East-vs .	
1 The film does n't really care about the thousands of Americans who die hideously , it cares about how Ryan meets his future wife and makes his start at the CIA .	
3 Proves a servicable World War II drama that ca n't totally hide its contrivances , but it at least calls attention to a problem Hollywood too long has ignored .	
1 This movie ... does n't deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is .	
1 In this case zero .	
1 Simply put , there should have been a more compelling excuse to pair Susan Sarandon and Goldie Hawn .	
3 Definitely in the guilty pleasure B-movie category , Reign of Fire is so incredibly inane that it is laughingly enjoyable .	
3 It 's an experience in understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal .	
0 The French director has turned out nearly 212 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema that , half an hour in , starts making water torture seem appealing .	
2 ... either you 're willing to go with this claustrophobic concept or you 're not .	
2 Despite these annoyances , the capable Clayburgh and Tambor really do a great job of anchoring the characters in the emotional realities of middle age .	
1 -LRB- Tries -RRB- to parody a genre that 's already a joke in the United States .	
1 The movie 's downfall is to substitute plot for personality .	
2 The film is darkly atmospheric , with Herrmann quietly suggesting the sadness and obsession beneath Hearst 's forced avuncular chortles .	
